README.md, before:

# Watson Engagement Advisor (WEA) Demo Framework using Watson Develop Cloud Services

## Create demos with automated conversation
This demo framework leverages the **Dialog**, **Natural Language Classifier**, **Retrieve and Rank**, ""Text to Speech**, and **Speech to Text** services. Powered by Watson, these services allow for a personalized experience in which users can engage in natural, human-like conversations with the chat engine.

## Create accounts and log in

Sign up for Bluemix at https://console.ng.bluemix.net and DevOps Services at https://hub.jazz.net.
When you sign up, you'll create an IBM ID, create an alias, and register with Bluemix.

## Deploy to Bluemix

1. Select the **Deploy to Bluemix** button below to fork a copy of the project code and create the services.

  [![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=https://github.com/dsayers/watson-chat-orchestrator.git)

2.  Once you fill in the necessary fields, click **DEPLOY** to start the deployment of the Engagement Advisor app and static services used.

## Monitor deployment

After the pipeline has been configured, you can monitor the deployment in DevOps Services.

1. In DevOps Services, click **MY PROJECTS** and select your newly created project.
2. Click **BUILD & DEPLOY**.
3. Select **View logs and history** to monitor the deployment stages.

Once the deployment finishes, you will have an instance of the WEA Demo Framework app in your Bluemix Dashboard.

## About the services

### Answer questions with natural language using Dialog
The Dialog service lets you  design the way your app interacts with a user through a conversational interface. The service can track and store user profile information to learn more about users, guide them through processes based on their unique situation, or pass their information to a back-end system to help them take action and get the help they need.

For more information about the Dialog service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/Dialog/index.html).

### Understand a question's intent with Natural Language Classifier
The Natural Language Classifier service applies cognitive computing techniques to return the best matching classes for a sentence or phrase. In this case, when you submit a question, the service returns keys to the best matching answers or next actions to the app.

For more information about the Natural Language Classifier service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/NaturalLanguageClassifier/index.html).

### Find the most relevant information with Retrieve and Rank
The Retrieve and Rank service, built on top of Apache Solr,  helps users find the most relevant information for their query by using a combination of search and machine-learning algorithms. Developers load their data into the service, train a machine-learning model based on known relevant results, and then leverage this model to provide improved results to their users based on their question or query. In this case, the app retrieves answers from educational program documents.

For more information about the Retrieve and Rank service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/RetrieveandRank/index.html).

Commit message:

Rework for Plug-In architecture, Cast Iron integration
Significant reworking. Html snippets removed from Conversation and moved
to individual files. Activation code scenario added with cast iron
itegration. (CI credentials removed from watson.py...will be set in env
vars.)

README.md, after:

# Watson Conversation Demo Framework (an orchestration engine Watson Developer Cloud services and exeternal services)

## Create demos with automated conversation
This demo framework leverages the **Conversation**, **Retrieve and Rank**, ""Text to Speech**, **Speech to Text** and **Predictive Analytics** services. Powered by Watson, these services allow for a personalized experience in which users can engage in natural, human-like conversations with the chat engine.

## Create accounts and log in

Sign up for Bluemix at https://console.ng.bluemix.net and DevOps Services at https://hub.jazz.net.
When you sign up, you'll create an IBM ID, create an alias, and register with Bluemix.

## Deploy to Bluemix

1. Select the **Deploy to Bluemix** button below to fork a copy of the project code and create the services.

  [![Deploy to Bluemix](https://bluemix.net/deploy/button.png)](https://bluemix.net/deploy?repository=https://github.com/dsayers/watson-chat-orchestrator.git)

2.  Once you fill in the necessary fields, click **DEPLOY** to start the deployment of the Engagement Advisor app and static services used.

## Monitor deployment

After the pipeline has been configured, you can monitor the deployment in DevOps Services.

1. In DevOps Services, click **MY PROJECTS** and select your newly created project.
2. Click **BUILD & DEPLOY**.
3. Select **View logs and history** to monitor the deployment stages.

Once the deployment finishes, you will have an instance of the WEA Demo Framework app in your Bluemix Dashboard.

## About the services

### Answer questions with natural language using Dialog
The Dialog service lets you  design the way your app interacts with a user through a conversational interface. The service can track and store user profile information to learn more about users, guide them through processes based on their unique situation, or pass their information to a back-end system to help them take action and get the help they need.

For more information about the Dialog service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/Dialog/index.html).

### Understand a question's intent with Natural Language Classifier
The Natural Language Classifier service applies cognitive computing techniques to return the best matching classes for a sentence or phrase. In this case, when you submit a question, the service returns keys to the best matching answers or next actions to the app.

For more information about the Natural Language Classifier service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/NaturalLanguageClassifier/index.html).

### Find the most relevant information with Retrieve and Rank
The Retrieve and Rank service, built on top of Apache Solr,  helps users find the most relevant information for their query by using a combination of search and machine-learning algorithms. Developers load their data into the service, train a machine-learning model based on known relevant results, and then leverage this model to provide improved results to their users based on their question or query. In this case, the app retrieves answers from educational program documents.

For more information about the Retrieve and Rank service, go to the [Bluemix documentation](https://www.ng.bluemix.net/docs/services/RetrieveandRank/index.html).
